# AI-Project - Dominosa
AI final project and project for SURS


  
In this project, we will be examining the results of various implementations of algorithms and heuristics in the constraint- satisfaction problem, Dominosa, also known as Domino Solitaire. Dominosa is a domino grid logic puzzle that involves a square grid of varying sizes that contains several numbers that each correspond to a unique domino piece. The goal of the puzzle is to place the corresponding domino pieces on their respective places on the grid without having two of the same domino pieces on the grid. Like many other constraint -satisfaction problems, Dominosa holds real -world significance due to the implementations that it has within not only Computer based fields but also within other fields. These applications involve nurse scheduling, timetabling, and the configuration of computer systems. For this project, we plan to apply not only the Backtracking Search algorithm, but also the Forward Checking algorithm in order to compare the resulting amount of moves to discover which is more efficient regarding the grid and problem size. We will also use several Constraint-Satisfaction related heuristics, such as minimum remaining value, least-constraining-value, and conflict-directed back jumping in order to continue to increase the overall efficiency of this problem solver. Along with this, we hope to also create playable version of this puzzle that can interact with the varying difficulties to compare the moves and efficiency of the AI to a human player. This will hopefully result in the AI finding and producing more efficient solutions than the human player.  
